{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh17700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # TravelMindal AI \uc0\u55356 \u57101 \u9992 \u65039 \
\
**An AI-Powered Travel Planner**  \
Built during B.E. in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science  \
\uc0\u55357 \u56594  Optimized for Recruiters | \u55357 \u56960  Future-Ready for Product Launch\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55358 \u56800  Overview\
\
**TravelMindal AI** is a smart travel planning assistant that uses OpenAI\'92s GPT to generate dynamic travel itineraries based on user input like budget, location, and time.  \
It supports **multilingual prompts** (Hindi/English) and aims to simplify travel decisions with real-time, personalized suggestions.\
\
> _Example Prompts:_\
> - \'93Mere paas \uc0\u8377 2000 hai. Mumbai mein kya kar sakta hoon 1 din ke liye?\'94  \
> - \'93I have 5000 rupees and 3 days in Goa. What\'92s the best plan?\'94\
> - \'93Suggest a 2-day peaceful solo trip near Pune under \uc0\u8377 3000.\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56960  Features\
\
- \uc0\u55357 \u56622  **AI-based itinerary generation** using OpenAI API (GPT)\
- \uc0\u55356 \u57104  **Multilingual prompt support** (English, Hindi, Hinglish)\
- \uc0\u55357 \u57067  Future-ready API integrations for **real-time flight, hotel, and event booking**\
- \uc0\u55357 \u56567  Clean, aesthetic front-end interface powered by Replit\'92s AI agent\
- \uc0\u55357 \u56592  Environment variables securely managed via `.env` and `.gitignore`\
- \uc0\u55357 \u56568  Screenshot-based UI demo (see below)\
- \uc0\u55357 \u56561  Mobile responsive UI\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56615  Tech Stack\
\
- **Backend**: Python, Flask  \
- **AI Integration**: OpenAI GPT API  \
- **Frontend Agent**: Replit AI Agent  \
- **Others**: SQLite (dev mode), Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, JavaScript  \
- **Security**: `.env` file used to protect sensitive keys\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56592  Security and Licensing\
\
This is a **public showcase version** of the project for academic and professional visibility only.  \
All API keys are hidden using `.env`. Please refer to the `LICENSE` for terms of use.  \
> Want to see the full product demo or access the full codebase?  \
> \uc0\u55357 \u56553  Contact me for recruiter/investor access or collaboration.\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56764 \u65039  Screenshots\
  \
- Home page  \
- Travel plan output  \
- Multilingual input example  \
- Mobile view\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55356 \u57263  Future Scope\
\
- \uc0\u9992 \u65039  Live flight & hotel booking API integration (Skyscanner, etc.)\
- \uc0\u55357 \u56561  Mobile app version  \
- \uc0\u55358 \u56813  Community travel boards  \
- \uc0\u55358 \u56598  Voice-to-plan input system\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56555  Contact\
\
Want to know more or request full access?  \
\uc0\u55357 \u56553   pratyakshajaysinha@gmail.com  \
\uc0\u55357 \u56599  Link to private demo upon request\
\
---\
\
}